getting-started/upgrading.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Upgrading
---

# Upgrading

### Backup your databases and files!

Here is an example for backup up on most servers via ssh using mysql dump:

```
mysqldump
  --compact
  --quick
  --user myusername
  --password=mypassword
  --host=localhost anchorcms > /path/to/my/site/httpdocs/db.sql
```

lets tar gzip it to a safe location.

```
tar --create
  --gzip
	--file=/home/myusername/backups/anchor.tgz
	--directory=/path/to/my/site/httpdocs
```

### Upgrading from 0.8 and above

1.	Download the [latest version](//anchorcms.com/download)
2.	Extract the archive and copy/paste/overwrite the `anchor` and `system`
	folders, plus the `index.php` and `composer.json` files.
3.	Rename `anchor/config/database.php` --> `anchor/config/db.php`
4.	Rename `anchor/config/application.php` --> `anchor/config/app.php`
5.	Done!

### Upgrading from older versions (0.8 and below)

1.	Delete your old `system` folder.
2.	Download the latest version and extract the archive.
3.	Upload and overwrite extracted files to your server.
	*If you have customised the default theme please rename it! or it will be over written.*
4.	Copy the database and application sample files from the installer to your new anchor folder.

```
cp install/storage/application.distro.php anchor/config/application.php
cp install/storage/database.distro.php anchor/config/database.php
```

5.	Edit the new files and copy the details from your old config.php file.
  For example, my old config database details would simply copy from this:

``` php
'host' => 'anchor-cms-demo.mysql.eu1.frbit.com',
'port' => '3306',
'username' => 'anchor-cms-demo',
'password' => 'my-awesome-password',
'name' => 'anchorcms',
'collation' => 'utf8_bin'
```

  To this:

``` php
'driver' => 'mysql',
'hostname' => 'anchor-cms-demo.mysql.eu1.frbit.com',
'port' => 3306,
'username' => 'anchor-cms-demo',
'password' => 'my-awesome-password',
'database' => 'anchorcms'
```

6.	Run your site and you're done.

Commit message:

Minor change to Upgrading page
Included disclaimer for upgrading to ver 0.12

getting-started/upgrading.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Upgrading
---

# Upgrading

### Backup your databases and files!

Here is an example for backup up on most servers via ssh using mysql dump:

```
mysqldump
  --compact
  --quick
  --user myusername
  --password=mypassword
  --host=localhost anchorcms > /path/to/my/site/httpdocs/db.sql
```

lets tar gzip it to a safe location.

```
tar --create
  --gzip
	--file=/home/myusername/backups/anchor.tgz
	--directory=/path/to/my/site/httpdocs
```

### Upgrading from 0.8 and above
*Please read [our blog on upgrading to 0.12](//http://blog.anchorcms.com/posts/012-installation-upgrade) before attempting an upgrade!*

1.	Download the [latest version](//anchorcms.com/download)
2.	Extract the archive and copy/paste/overwrite the `anchor` and `system`
	folders, plus the `index.php` and `composer.json` files.
3.	Rename `anchor/config/database.php` --> `anchor/config/db.php`
4.	Rename `anchor/config/application.php` --> `anchor/config/app.php`
5.	Done!

### Upgrading from older versions (0.8 and below)

1.	Delete your old `system` folder.
2.	Download the latest version and extract the archive.
3.	Upload and overwrite extracted files to your server.
	*If you have customised the default theme please rename it! or it will be over written.*
4.	Copy the database and application sample files from the installer to your new anchor folder.

```
cp install/storage/application.distro.php anchor/config/application.php
cp install/storage/database.distro.php anchor/config/database.php
```

5.	Edit the new files and copy the details from your old config.php file.
  For example, my old config database details would simply copy from this:

``` php
'host' => 'anchor-cms-demo.mysql.eu1.frbit.com',
'port' => '3306',
'username' => 'anchor-cms-demo',
'password' => 'my-awesome-password',
'name' => 'anchorcms',
'collation' => 'utf8_bin'
```

  To this:

``` php
'driver' => 'mysql',
'hostname' => 'anchor-cms-demo.mysql.eu1.frbit.com',
'port' => 3306,
'username' => 'anchor-cms-demo',
'password' => 'my-awesome-password',
'database' => 'anchorcms'
```

6.	Run your site and you're done.
